Of course you can also export classes.
Not here I'm not an plunkers so I'm not really showing that.
But it works exactly the same like we were before or using export to export variables or functions.
We export class like this.
And then number fall you imported by name help or in this case.
And then you may use it in the whole file and that of course is a cool way to have for example a separate
file for each class you set up.
And then in these code files where you want to use this class you imported that the top and are able
to use it.
This is how you probably know it from other languages.
And finally with basics you'll be able to do just that with native shell script